Oi I reckon this is sick. My advice though would be to collect data first.
Lemme give you my community organising example
Give me 10 to find a pamplhlet I started
So I letterboxed this across most the houses in the suburb. I had a pretty good uptake. I then also put out another pamphlet about joining the Ashfield community WhatsApp. Now i own the means of discussion/communication
Na don’t start with the rahu thing
Build out that way
But seeds were cheap af. 30 bucks of sunflower seeds gave me like 300 packets or so
Yeah totally, but maybe do something like “free indoor plants - contact will at email “
These cunts cost fuckall and every dickhead wants one and will take it coz it’s free
Doesn’t matter if the plants die or whatever, because the purpose is getting the data and starting the introduction
Plus it’s free
Yeah just ask people for cuttings
Then start a WhatsApp
And your job, because you already know everything, isn’t to tell people, but take every problem they have with their life or apartment and relate it back to the fact that they have no rights or control about their living situation
And encourage everyone and everything they want to do
Even if it’s fucking lame
My neighbour wanted to do this, and I was just like, fuck yeah that’s awesome let’s do it
And people turned the fuck out for it
Leading it means taking a backseat, and encouraging everyone else to do whatever the fuck they want and letting them find out for themselves why it’s hard or doesn’t work
Yep
Then for you/next for me : start a community Radlyn account
Raisely *
Basically, you start getting people to pay dues
So you’re able to do cool shit like make stickers or hold barbecues and finance more shit
Like $2 a week or whatever
Just for your own apartment and hold a Christmas get to know you event
It takes longer, but far more sustaining and plus you’ll radicalise people
On the where to begin - I’d write it out in a calendar/Gant. Take $100 of your own money and that’s all it will need. Another thing you should think of doing is put a little note in everyone’s letter box or under their doors and introduce yourself. Everyone wants to know each other. If you start it, it’ll hopefully encourage others to do
It
Or at least you’ve made the introduction and you can follow up with a note saying so many people got back to you and were welcoming and so you decided to start a WhatsApp
Idk, and then think about the material items that exist or could be useful (I.e. door Matt’s, door hangers etc, idk) and do shit like that
Start a social club
And map ages etc
Idk bro, there’s no fucking rules
Kick it in the dick
I started doing data collection by sending people Christmas cards, it’s how I started my labor branch
I’m about to do another data collection activity legit today
Obsessed with harvesting peoples contacts bb